# 2RC The City Events Registrations Plugin

## Updating Users ##
To create & update users in your local database run `rake local_users:update_city_users`. Each page
will be processed, one at a time.

Development URL: http://event-registration-dev.herokuapp.com/

##FoxyCart
###Internationalization

FoxyCart supports internationalization out of the box. However, the included templates here only support the United States.

This is *not* feature blocking: if you use the default FoxyCart template you won't have any issues. However, you may
have to restyle it if you want it to match the rest of the app.

###Payment Info
Only styled main CC info. If someone wants PayPal or other options it will need to be styled.

#Branches#
##master##
Should be the current production copy (as of 12/3/14 we are actually working directly off of develop)

##develop##
Primary development branch
Development URL: http://event-registration-dev.herokuapp.com/

###develop-hotfix-addons-xml###
Branch to debug issues where add-on values are not saving and XML errors are generated by Foxycart
every time a payment is made

##develop-new-features##
Merged into develop-responsive-foundation as of 1/6/15

This can probably be deleted, kept only for debugging.

###develop-respoonsive-foundation###
Fork of develop-new-features with the frontend based on Foundation
Merged down into develop-merge-responsive-new-features as of 1/6/15

This can probably be deleted, kept only for debugging.

##october-2014##
Known working configuration as of October 2014

##develop-merge-responsive-new-features
This branch is for merging the develop-responsive-foundation and develop-new-features
Merged down into develop as of 1/6/15

This can probably be deleted, kept only for debugging.